Update DOCUMENTATION.md (#123)
alphagov/notifications-php-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

To use this feature will need version 4.2.0 of the PHP client library, or a more recent version.

> If you do not choose a value, the file will be available for the default period of 26 weeks (6 months).

Reviewer: This doesn’t need to change until 12 April.

```suggestion
If you do not choose a value, the file will be available for the default period of 78 weeks (18 months).
```
